Remove unnecessary use of chdir (#6910)
ocaml/opam: master_changes.md

  * `OpamFilename`: add `is_dir_read_only` [#6489 @rjbou]
  * `OpamFilename.might_escape`: ensure / is detected as a file separator when called with `~sep:Unspecified` on Windows [#6897 @kit-ty-kate]
  * `OpamFilename.Unix` was added abstracting over `/` separated paths regardless of the current system [#6914 @rjbou @kit-ty-kate]
  * `OpamFilename.in_dir`: removed [#6910 @NathanReb]
  * `OpamSystem.in_tmp_dir`: removed [#6910 @NathanReb]
  * `OpamSystem.in_dir`: removed [#6910 @NathanReb]
  * `OpamSystem.chdir`: removed [#6910 @NathanReb]
  * `OpamSystem.command`: added a `?dir: dirname` optional arg [#6910 @NathanReb]
  * `OpamSystem.commands`: added a `?dir: dirname` optional arg [#6910 @NathanReb]

>   * `OpamSystem.read_command_output`: added a `?dir: dirname` optional arg [#6910 @NathanReb]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `OpamSystem.{command,commands,read_command_output}`: add a `?dir: dirname` optional arg to launch the command in a specific directory [#6910 @NathanReb]
```
